welcome back to 1d summer block party
it's time to see who knows more about
Jennifer Lopez in a fun new game called
who knows JLo my name is cousin spiritus
and I'll be your host today let's meet
our contestants shall we our first
contestant is the host of the Wendy
Williams Show and a longtime Jennifer
Lopez when Wendy Williams give it up for
Thank You our second contestant is a
dancer an actus singer and so much more
let's give it up for Jennifer here's how
we play I'm gonna ask you questions
about Jennifer Lopez's life and the
first one who knows the answer ring that
Bell she knows a lot if I lose this game
this is gonna be really embarrassed ha
ha all right let's go first question is
hot topics lady I know stuff ok here we
go first question what was the first and
last name of the maid Jennifer played in
the movie made Jennifer Mary Fiore wrong
if Marissa
congratulations next question Jennifer
was a backup dancer in Janet Jackson's
video for which saw Jennifer that's the
way love goes next question Jennifer
joked that she got this on her SATs wait
I was on a flight from Detroit and I
read an article about you you got nail
polish on your sh okay I can't count and
can't count it's not true Jennifer next
question okay simmer down
2004 Jennifer's mom hit the jackpot in
Atlantic City up Wendy how much 15 when
I do climb says your mother hit the
jackpot
go ahead with the rest how much did she
weigh four million dollars
we're tired
right fine yeah yeah next question women
crazy Jennifer's got one no wait no come
on right Jennifer is famous for hers and
his it's also the title song on her new
album
Jennifer big booty I'll take big booty
it's gone booty
well hey Cody Emmet I think someone got
the answer right here back of that CD
covers fire okay on the back of the CD
cuz booty oh so I got one on a
technicality I'm gonna give it a tie
all right let's go next question this is
the who was Jennifer presenting a Grammy
with when she award that stage of the
company there you go no no we did me
Jennifer you better catch up come on
last and final question who gave
Jennifer the nickname JLo Oh
HEVC gave me that nickname well that's
okay paddy gave me that nickname you new
have know that why didn't we know that
who won the game
who was I think again listen here's the
deal you know a lot Jennifer
um we have a very special consolation
prize for you though I do come over here
come over here okay now look you might
have the dress man might have the
jumpsuit and you might have the leotard
but you know what you don't have
I don't know bring it out Snuggie thank
you so much for being here and being a
good for Jennifer Lopez everyone for new
album is called aka it's available in
stores now
you